docs/old/index.rst, before:

ACTS Common Tracking Software
=============================

ACTS is an experiment-independent toolkit for (charged) particle track
reconstruction in (high energy) physics experiments implemented in modern C++.

The ACTS project provides high-level track reconstruction modules that can be
used for any tracking detector. The tracking detector geometry description is
optimized for efficient navigation and fast extrapolation of tracks. Converters
for several common geometry description packages are available. In addition to
the algorithmic code, this project also provides an event data model for the
description of track parameters and measurements.

Key features:

* A tracking geometry description which can be constructed manually or from
  TGeo and DD4hep input.
* Simple event data model.
* Implementations of common algorithms for track propagation and fitting.
* Implementations of basic seed finding algorithms.
* Implementations of common vertexing algorithms.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   getting_started
   tracking
   acts_project
   core/core
   Fast Track Simulation (Fatras) <fatras/fatras>
   plugins/plugins
   examples/examples

   Contribution guide <contribution/contribution>

   api/api

   versioning
   formats/formats
   codeguide
   misc/misc
   authors
   license

   white_papers/index.rst

   glossary

TODOs
=====

.. todolist::

Commit message:

ci: Docs build PR banner + prepped for version banner (#4943)
This PR introduces sending built documentation packages for the main
branch and tags over to a receiving repository, which will be configured
to build a versioned documentation page from them.

docs/old/index.rst, after:

ACTS Common Tracking Software
=============================

.. attention:: ACTS Documentation has moved
  The ACTS documentation has moved `here <https://acts-project.github.io/>`_.
  This page is available for archival purposes only.

ACTS is an experiment-independent toolkit for (charged) particle track
reconstruction in (high energy) physics experiments implemented in modern C++.

The ACTS project provides high-level track reconstruction modules that can be
used for any tracking detector. The tracking detector geometry description is
optimized for efficient navigation and fast extrapolation of tracks. Converters
for several common geometry description packages are available. In addition to
the algorithmic code, this project also provides an event data model for the
description of track parameters and measurements.

Key features:

* A tracking geometry description which can be constructed manually or from
  TGeo and DD4hep input.
* Simple event data model.
* Implementations of common algorithms for track propagation and fitting.
* Implementations of basic seed finding algorithms.
* Implementations of common vertexing algorithms.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   getting_started
   tracking
   acts_project
   core/core
   Fast Track Simulation (Fatras) <fatras/fatras>
   plugins/plugins
   examples/examples

   Contribution guide <contribution/contribution>

   api/api

   versioning
   formats/formats
   codeguide
   misc/misc
   authors
   license

   white_papers/index.rst

   glossary

TODOs
=====

.. todolist::
